                                            CODING STANDARDS
SOLID PRINCIPLES:
Solid principles are set of five design principles.It is introduced by Robert C.Martin,The purpose these principles is to developers to easy to understand, extend and maintain.
SRP: The single-responsibility principle.
OCP: The open-closed principle.
LSP: The Liskov substitution principle.
ISP: The interface segregation principle.
DIP: The dependency inversion principle.
OOPS CONCEPT:
OOPs means Object-Oriented programming based on the "Objects".Which can contain data in the form of fields and code.
    There are several types are there.They are
ASSOCIATION:-
                             It represents the relation between the "objects".Here,one object can       associated with one object or multiple objects.
       The symbol of association is "->"(arrow).And keyword is "HAS_A".
     Association can be undirectional or bidirectional.
                     There are four types are there
One-to-One:- It means one object can associated with one object only.
                 Ex:- Mobile Recharge(At a time we can recharge one number),Aadhar card,  Car                          and driver.
One-to-Many:- It means one object can associate with many objects.
               Ex:-Learning things in different ways(byjus,odemi,institutions),mobile and different apps,Banks and different accounts.
Many-to-One:-It means many objects can associate with one objects.
              Ex:-many rooms in one house,many online payment apps for sending purpose money,many departments in one college.
Many-to-Many:-It means many objects can associate with many objects.
              Ex:-Books and Authors,Students and Courses,Employes and Projects.
COMPOSITION:-
                                 It represents the relation between the "Objects".One object is depence on another and they are inter dependent is called Composition.Its a strong relation between objects.
Keyword is "HAS_A".And symbol is "Filled diamond with arrow".
     Ex:- House and Rooms,Birth and Death,Bank and Accounts.
AGGREGATION:-
                               It is represents the relation between objects.It maintains weak relationship.It is a "Unidirectional".
Keyword is "HAS_A".And symbol is "diamond  without filling with arrow".
             Ex:-Mobile and App(instagram),Class and Students,Movie and Customer.
 INHERITENCE:-
                             The mechanism of Inheritence is to deriving one class to another.
It represents "IS_A".and sumbol is "Up arrow".
It provides the Reusability code.
    There are four types,
->Single level Inheritence
->Multi level Inheritence
->Hybrid level Inheritence
->Hierarchical Inheritence
Ex:-Father and Son,Company and that Employees,Project and classes.
POLYMORPHISM:-
                                 The mechanism of Polymorphism is aconcept of we can perform single action in different ways.
Ex:- Travelling,Coding(java/.net/phyton),Langueges(speaking).
ENCAPSULATION:-
                                Encapsulation in Java is a process of wrapping code and data together into a single unit.
Ex:-Capsule,Smartphone,Washing machine.
ABSTRACTION:-
                              Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality to the user.
Ex:- Coffe Maker,Transactions,Movie.





